README.md, before:

# Summer Memories

Summer Memories is a smart media organization tool designed to help you effortlessly manage your cherished photos and videos. Leveraging the power of AI, this application goes beyond simple storage, offering intelligent features to make revisiting your memories a joy.

**How it Works:**

Summer Memories analyzes your uploaded media to provide helpful recommendations. It uses AI to:

1.  **Suggest Groupings:** Automatically identifies and suggests logical groupings of your media based on content, themes, or events. This helps you quickly find related photos and videos without manual sorting.
2.  **Detect Duplicates:** Intelligently finds potential duplicate images within your collection, helping you declutter and save storage space.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get the project up and running on your local machine:

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/adedibu0/Summer-Memories.git
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    pnpm install
    ```

3.  **Run the development server:**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## Demo Video

[Insert link to your demo video here]

**Why Adopt Summer Memories?**

- **Effortless Organization:** Say goodbye to manual sorting. Let AI do the heavy lifting to keep your media neatly organized.
- **Reclaim Storage Space:** Easily identify and remove duplicate images that are clogging up your storage.
- **Rediscover Memories:** AI-suggested groupings help you unearth forgotten moments and relive your favorite memories.
- **Simple Interface:** The application provides a clean and intuitive interface for viewing and managing your media and recommendations.

Summer Memories is ideal for anyone with a growing digital media collection who wants a smarter way to keep it organized and easily accessible. Spend less time managing files and more time enjoying your memories.

Commit message:

Update README.md for clarity on summer media management and environment setup; remove redundant data directory checks in user.ts

README.md, after:

# Summer Memories

Summer Memories is a smart media organization tool designed to help you effortlessly manage your cherished summer photos and videos. Leveraging the power of AI, this application goes beyond simple storage, offering intelligent features to make revisiting your memories a joy.

**How it Works:**

Summer Memories analyzes your uploaded media to provide helpful recommendations. It uses AI to:

1.  **Suggest Groupings:** Automatically identifies and suggests logical groupings of your media based on content, themes, or events. This helps you quickly find related photos and videos without manual sorting.
2.  **Detect Duplicates:** Intelligently finds potential duplicate images within your collection, helping you declutter and save storage space.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get the project up and running on your local machine:

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/adedibu0/Summer-Memories.git
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```bash
    pnpm install
    ```

3.  **Set up environment variables:**

    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env.local
    ```

4.  **Run the development server:**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## Demo Video

Watch our demo video to see Summer Memories in action:

[DEMO URL](https://www.loom.com/share/32928896b2564f5b870f629605cbed78?sid=23acc2e2-cbf6-4c5d-8604-86749b6e2cb1)

**Why Adopt Summer Memories?**

- **Effortless Organization:** Say goodbye to manual sorting. Let AI do the heavy lifting to keep your media neatly organized.
- **Reclaim Storage Space:** Easily identify and remove duplicate images that are clogging up your storage.
- **Rediscover Memories:** AI-suggested groupings help you unearth forgotten moments and relive your favorite memories.
- **Simple Interface:** The application provides a clean and intuitive interface for viewing and managing your media and recommendations.

Summer Memories is ideal for anyone with a growing digital media collection who wants a smarter way to keep it organized and easily accessible. Spend less time managing files and more time enjoying your memories.
